Rock music approaches at high velocity.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The lake is a long way from here.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Let me help you with your baggage.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
We have a lot of rain in June.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The lake is a long way from here.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
The book is in front of the table.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Hit me with your pet shark!
I covered my friend in baby oil.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.